A strong marriage can be an oasis of peace in a difficult world.
But no matter how strong the bond, every marriage consists of an imperfect man and an
imperfect woman living in a confined space.
Even in a happy marriage, disagreements can arise that lead loving spouses to use hurtful
words.
At a certain point, you may not even remember how the disagreement started, and yet the conflict
escalates.
As this ever happened to you, did you apologize and make things right?
The mere passing of time won't make the hurt disappear.
The real triumph, peace, can only come about with a sincere apology.
You nothing out of contentiousness or out of egotism, but with humility, consider others
superior to you.
Try to see things from your spouse's viewpoint.
How would a sincere apology make you feel?
Don't let your ego get in the way.
Take responsibility for your part in the dispute.
Even if you don't think you've done anything wrong.
Knowledge the hurt you've caused your spouse.
And be quick to accept each other's sincere apologies.
Peaceful relationships are worth much more than pride or victory, but peace in the family
must be maintained.
It can be easy to focus on your mate's flaws.
But when you feel like you're being pushed to your limit, remember, James 3, verse 2 says,
we all stumble many times.
The quicker you apologize, no matter who is to blame, the faster you restore the peace
and happiness in your family.
When you sincerely apologize and accept your mate's apology, you put your marriage ahead
of yourself and continue to strengthen your bond of love.
Every couple will have disagreements, so take the time now to prepare it together for
a peaceful resolution.